[Music]
welcome / forward in the first in our
next series Friday the 13th let's get to
it
the film opens with a little backstory
it's 1958 at Camp Crystal Lake a group
of counselors are singing wholesome
songs of brotherhood and fellowship
while we get a stalkers view of the
children the call the music is too much
as these two counselors can't help I
bang the hell out of each other one last
hallelujah and they're off for some
grimy Storehouse coupling switch back to
stalker vision and we find they've only
partially begun the dry humping phases
their ritual when we the audience become
complicit in their stabbing we then jump
forward to Friday the 13th 1980 same
area a young woman's walking through
town exposing the stray dogs and ducking
into a greasy spoon diner to ask
directions of the locals she gets a free
ride from this nice gruff trucker who
runs off Ralph the town psychotic with
impeccable posture and then drives her a
spell toward camp he warns her along the
way at the dark history at the camp
drownings fires murders before dropping
her off to walk the rest of the way
meanwhile Marcy Ned and Jack arrive at
the camp from a different direction they
arrive right as the bossman signified by
his red neckerchief and overt
hyper-masculinity is removing a stump he
immediately puts them to work barks some
quick orders at Alice and then heads off
leading them befuddled and disappointed
as their primary objectives were smoking
and screwing we learn more about Alice
our main character as Steve comes across
her hanging a gutter using an advanced
reverse grip hammering method he
comments on her artwork and gives her
his best line and your mustache disturbs
me due to a prior failed relationship
together Alice is giving this camp thing
a week before deciding whether or not to
stay afterward Steve gives some general
directions and goals for the day before
heading off into town for additional
materials meanwhile Andy manages to
hitch a ride in this friendly chief and
promptly spills her guts to the unknown
stranger she gets some bad vibes and
then sees they've driven past their
turning point when they don't slow she
tucks and rolls herself into the woods
and takes off she finds herself up
against a tree where she gets her throat
slit and her faith seems to be
indicating this is uncomfortable
back at camp the kids are getting in
some lake action unfortunately it's time
to get back to work as Jack's sundial
indicates half-past three
but then there's trouble in the water
his net goes under they belly flop and
vote out to him Alice even throws in a
late life preserver for good measure
turns out Ned
using this as a trick to make out with
Brenda haha you thought he was dead
later on an officer shows up right after
Ned finished a few lines in the bathroom
he's mostly there to warn them about
Ralph who's been seen pedaling around in
the area he gives them the say no to
drugs speech before riding off into the
lake
psych now everyone begins to separate
and set up for the evening festivities
Ned sees someone entering a cabin and
goes to have a chat meanwhile Jack and
Marcie are talking and getting super
horny as a storm rolls in so they find
themselves back at their cabin getting
down to business
meanwhile back at the Comanche cabin and
astute observation is made you're gonna
get drenched if you know what I mean
things get saucy as they break out the
grass and start to play strip monopoly
back with Marcie and Jack the camera
pans up to reveal Nets fate upon
graciously receiving Jack's gift Marcie
runs off to the bathroom jack goes for
the classic tank top no pants look as he
ponders the day's events only to shortly
receive an arrow through the neck Marcie
partakes in a variety of activities in
the bathroom also hearing occasional
noises she eventually goes exploring but
only finds an unexpected axe in the face
at Comanche Brenda realizes she left the
windows open at her cabin so she runs
off to manage that she's getting ready
to turn in for the night when she hears
a voice crying out for help she goes
looking for it and finds herself on the
fully illuminated archery range and
we're left to assume her demise Alice
saw the archery floodlights on so she
and Bill go off to find out what's up
but only find strange indications that
something weird is going on but no
counselors they establish the phone
lines are dead cars won't start and all
modes of egress have been disabled
meanwhile Steve experiencing his own car
troubles is being transported back by
the sheriff who has to leave him when he
gets an emergency call at camp he's
created by a night Walker who
immediately guts it we're now down to
Bill and Alice who still have no idea
what's going on bill heads off to check
the generator while Alice sleeps on a
dirty couch when she awakes Bill's not
back so she goes off to find him but
it's unable until she is now apprised of
the situation her final girl instincts
kick in and she begins to barricade
herself in the cabin she goes to secure
the rest of the house when Brenda finds
her in the kitchen
shortly a Jeep rolls up and Alice runs
out assuming it's Steve she finds a
stranger instead this is for he seems
lovely enough but his unnervingly calm
and collected well she bears witness to
the wanton destruction inside she begins
to emot--
the more she talks the more she begins
to unravel in front of Alice revealing
that she is Jason's mother the boy who
drowned in 1958 inciting the original
murders and then mr. Kristi reopening
the camp in defiance of her son's memory
being the secondary in sight
they scuffle and Alex runs into the
woods reuniting with all her friends who
are now decorating the wilderness they
meet up in a cabin where mrs. Voorhees
starts slapping the [ __ ] out of Alice
before taking a hard gut punch and then
disengaging they have a final showdown
on the beach under the light of the full
moon ending in a decapitation Alice then
spends the night in the water awaking in
the morning only to be dragged under by
freak boy Jason oh there was no need to
murder he was in the water the whole
time the final cut confirms this was a
hallucination however and then we go to
the credits and that was the original
led by Jason's mommy when we returned
we'll see how Jason manages his own
killing spree I hope you enjoyed the
video and thanks for watching